Remove FAQ and fix links (#86)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/getting_started.md

    [[= product_name_ee =]] is a commercial product built on top of the open-source [[= product_name_oss =]].
    It offers additional functionalities and enhancements to the editing experience.

>     [[= product_name_ee =]] provides advanced editorial capabilities such as [in-page editing](site_organization/working_with_page.md), creation of [block-based Pages](site_organization/working_with_page.md#adding-blocks), [editorial workflow](publishing/editorial_workflow.md), etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [[= product_name_ee =]] provides advanced editorial capabilities such as, for example, [in-page editing](site_organization/working_with_page.md), creation of [block-based Pages](site_organization/working_with_page.md#adding-blocks), and [editorial workflow](publishing/editorial_workflow.md).
```

## Quick start

> [[= product_name_oss =]] must be [installed by administrator](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/getting_started/install_ez_platform/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[= product_name_oss =]] must be [installed by the administrator](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/getting_started/install_ez_platform/).
```
